README.md, before:

# axe-devhub-action

> A GitHub Action for reporting the axe DevHub status of a particular commit.

## Example Workflow

A full example of the `axe-devhub-action` can be seen at [`.github/workflows/tests.yml`](./.github/workflows/tests.yml).

## Inputs

| name                    | description                                                                                                              | required           | default                |
| ----------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------ | ---------------------- |
| `api_key`               | Your axe Watcher API key                                                                                                 | :white_check_mark: |                        |
| `server_url`            | Axe server URL                                                                                                           | :x:                | https://axe.deque.com  |
| `retry_count`           | Number of times to retry                                                                                                 | :x:                | 10                     |
| `github_token`          | Optional [PAT](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)              | :x:                | `secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN` |
| `enable_a11y_threshold` | Enable the a11y threshold, which will cause the action to fail if the number of violations is greater than the threshold | :x:                | `false`                |

## Outputs

| name                         | description                                        |
| ---------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `project`                    | Project associated with your API key               |
| `axe_url`                    | URL for viewing axe issues detected on your commit |
| `issue_count`                | Number of axe issues detected                      |
| `created_at`                 | DateTime when run occurred                         |
| `resolved_issues`            | Number of axe issues resolved                      |
| `difference_in_page_states`  | Difference in number of page states detected       |
| `page_states`                | Number of page states detected                     |
| `issues_over_a11y_threshold` | Number of issues over a11y threshold               |

Commit message:

feat: add the optional input `project_id`. Refactor `main.sh` to return correct error message (#179)
This pull request adds support for specifying a `project_id` when
running the axe DevHub GitHub Action, improves error handling and output
clarity, and updates documentation to reflect these changes.

> [!WARNING]
> This PR must be merged after the following
[PR](https://github.com/dequelabs/walnut/pull/13152)

Tested in the [test
repo](https://github.com/dequelabs/maksym-testing/actions/workflows/axe-devhub-action.yml):
- Project ID is not provided - [warning
message](https://github.com/dequelabs/maksym-testing/actions/runs/20062865277)
- Project ID is not valid - [error
message](https://github.com/dequelabs/maksym-testing/actions/runs/20064485557)
- Project is not found - [error
message](https://github.com/dequelabs/maksym-testing/actions/runs/20064528489)
- The commit has accessibility issues- [error
message](https://github.com/dequelabs/maksym-testing/actions/runs/20062920371)

Closes: #178

README.md, after:

# axe-devhub-action

> A GitHub Action for reporting the axe DevHub status of a particular commit.

## Example Workflow

A full example of the `axe-devhub-action` can be seen at [`.github/workflows/tests.yml`](./.github/workflows/tests.yml).

## Inputs

| name                    | description                                                                                                              | required            | default                                                                                   |
| ----------------------- |--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `api_key`               | Your axe Watcher API key                                                                                                 | :white_check_mark:  |                                                                                           |
| `project_id`            | The ID of your Axe Developer Hub project                                                                                 | :x:                 | Required for newer projects after December 9, 2025. Legacy projects will continue to work |
| `server_url`            | Axe server URL                                                                                                           | :x:                 | https://axe.deque.com                                                                     |
| `retry_count`           | Number of times to retry                                                                                                 | :x:                 | 10                                                                                        |
| `github_token`          | Optional [PAT](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)              | :x:                 | `secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN`                                                                    |
| `enable_a11y_threshold` | Enable the a11y threshold, which will cause the action to fail if the number of violations is greater than the threshold | :x:                 | `false`                                                                                   |

## Outputs

| name                         | description                                        |
| ---------------------------- |----------------------------------------------------|
| `project`                    | Project name                                       |
| `project_id`                 | Project ID                                          |
| `axe_url`                    | URL for viewing axe issues detected on your commit |
| `issue_count`                | Number of axe issues detected                      |
| `created_at`                 | DateTime when run occurred                         |
| `resolved_issues`            | Number of axe issues resolved                      |
| `difference_in_page_states`  | Difference in number of page states detected       |
| `page_states`                | Number of page states detected                     |
| `issues_over_a11y_threshold` | Number of issues over a11y threshold               |
